I didn't have a problem with polygamy because I too was in a polygamous marriage and I
viewed myself as a good wife.
I was the second wife.
I used to work at the mines in Kaltenville, South Africa.
My family lived in Botswana in Khaburoni.
I had a girlfriend and we had three children.
My church didn't see anything wrong with what I was doing because that was a common practice.
We were just married according to Cambodian tradition but we never legally registered a marriage.
I got a Bible.
What I learned from it really touched me.
I realized that I was wrong to be in a polygamous marriage.
The brother who was studying the Bible with me saw a picture of my family.
He asked me about the picture and I told him that it was my girlfriend and my kids.
We then studied the lesson which talks about family life and I realized that I had to make
changes in my life.
When I wanted to start preaching, I realized that Jehovah requires that we legalize a marriage.
I had prayed.
Oh Jehovah, if you really have drawn me and are pleased with me,
please help me get the birth certificate and the money needed to make the trip.
This really troubled me for a very long time.
Another thing that made it difficult to leave him was the fact that I had 10 children.
But I saw that loving this man shouldn't prevent me from becoming someone worthy to God.
So I said, I'm leaving.
As for the local community, they would comment about me.
This lady is a rebel.
She's got a man's children but once I did leave, I felt as if something was being lifted off of me.
I went back home and got married to my wife.
This enabled me and my family to be together in one place, where we could serve Jehovah as a family.
After I quit my job, I spent a whole year unemployed.
We planted some vegetables in a yard and that helped us to get by.
To my surprise, my Bible study conductor called me and invited me to go to take care.
It's very far away, really far.
When I mentioned the names of my parents, extended family and relatives,
I was able to get my birth certificate.
We submitted an application for a marriage certificate and received it two weeks later.
My previous husband eventually became one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
My best friend now is the first wife from my polygamous marriage.
I'm so proud to see my family serving Jehovah that they love Jehovah
and seeing them obeying Jehovah's laws.
I eventually got baptized.
I also preached to my husband and he agreed to start studying the Bible.
I am really grateful to Jehovah.
He is merciful to the poor and to the lowliest, like me.
I fully relied on Jehovah and he made everything happen.